c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\bin\Debug\mbxScan2.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\obj\Debug\mbxScan2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\obj\Debug\mbxScan2.Form1.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\obj\Debug\mbxScan2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\obj\Debug\mbxScan2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\bin\Debug\mbxScan2.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\bin\Debug\mbxScan2.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\bin\Debug\BlackMagic.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\bin\Debug\fasmdll_managed.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\bin\Debug\BlackMagic.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\obj\Debug\mbxScan2.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\obj\Debug\mbxScan2.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Eigene Dateien\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\bin\Debug\mbxScan2.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Eigene Dateien\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\obj\Debug\mbxScan2.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Eigene Dateien\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\obj\Debug\mbxScan2.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Eigene Dateien\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\bin\Debug\mbxScan2.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Eigene Dateien\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\bin\Debug\mbxScan2.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Eigene Dateien\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\bin\Debug\BlackMagic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Eigene Dateien\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\bin\Debug\fasmdll_managed.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Eigene Dateien\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\bin\Debug\BlackMagic.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Eigene Dateien\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\obj\Debug\mbxScan2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Eigene Dateien\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\obj\Debug\mbxScan2.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Eigene Dateien\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\obj\Debug\mbxScan2.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Eigene Dateien\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mbxScan2\mbxScan2\obj\Debug\mbxScan2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
